updated firelens instructions (#13550)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/logs/forward-logs/aws-firelens-plugin-log-forwarding.mdx

  </tbody>
</table>

<Callout variant="Recommendation">

>   We recommended to everyone to leverage our image tags when deploying one of our firelens images. You can see the full list of availble tags in our image repo on [`docker hub`](https://hub.docker.com/r/newrelic/newrelic-fluentbit-output/tags). One of the ways to leverage our tags is to pin a particular version of the image when deploying the task defintion. This allows for more controlled upgrades of the image version.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  We recommend everyone to pin our image tags when deploying one of our Firelens images as part of their task definitions. This allows for more controlled upgrades of the image version. The available image tags in our `newrelic/logging-firelens-fluentbit` ECR repository can be listed with the following command (requires having the [AWS CLI properly installed](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/cli/latest/userguide/getting-started-install.html) and configured):

`aws ecr describe-images --registry-id 533243300146 --repository-name newrelic/logging-firelens-fluentbit --filter '{"tagStatus": "TAGGED"}' --query 'reverse(sort_by(imageDetails, & imagePushedAt))[*].imageTags' --region us-east-1 --output text`

```
